docs/project/PROJECT_IMPLEMENTATION.md, before:

# GPT Manager - Implementation Standards

**This file contains technical implementation details for sub-agents.**

**⚠️ ORCHESTRATOR DOES NOT READ THIS FILE** - These are implementation-level details for code-writing agents only.

Read this file to understand specific commands, syntax requirements, and technical conventions.

---

## File Path Requirements

**🚨 ABSOLUTE REQUIREMENT: RELATIVE PATHS ONLY! 🚨**

- **NEVER EVER USE ABSOLUTE PATHS** - They will NEVER work in any command or tool
- **ALWAYS USE RELATIVE PATHS** - All file paths must be relative to current working directory

**Correct paths:**
- `spa/src/components/MyComponent.vue`
- `app/Services/MyService.php`
- `config/google-docs.php`
- `./vendor/bin/sail test`

**Why:** Absolute paths break across environments (local, CI/CD, Docker).

---

## Build Commands

**ONLY use these exact commands:**

### Vue Frontend
- **Build**: `yarn build` (from spa/ directory) - for production builds and validation

### Laravel Backend
- **Testing**: `./vendor/bin/sail test`
  - Run all tests
  - Add `--filter=TestName` for specific tests

- **Code Formatting**: `./vendor/bin/sail pint <file>`
  - **ALWAYS run after modifying ANY PHP file**
  - Ensures consistent code style

- **Artisan Commands**: `./vendor/bin/sail artisan [command]`
  - All Laravel CLI commands go through Sail

- **PHP Execution**: `./vendor/bin/sail php [file]`
  - When running PHP scripts directly

**Follow these commands exactly - NO EXCEPTIONS**

**Why:** These commands ensure code runs in the correct Docker environment with proper dependencies and configurations.

---

## Docker/Sail Commands

### 🚨 CRITICAL: ALWAYS USE RELATIVE PATH `./vendor/bin/sail`

**NEVER use absolute paths with Sail commands!**

- ✅ **CORRECT**: `./vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate`
- ✅ **CORRECT**: `./vendor/bin/sail test --filter=MyTest`
- ✅ **CORRECT**: `./vendor/bin/sail pint app/Services/`
- ❌ **WRONG**: `/home/user/project/vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate`
- ❌ **WRONG**: `vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate` (missing `./`)

**The `./` prefix is REQUIRED** - it ensures the command runs from the correct directory context.

### Required Commands

- Use `./vendor/bin/sail artisan` for all artisan commands
- Use `./vendor/bin/sail test` for running tests
- Use `./vendor/bin/sail pint` for code formatting
- Use `./vendor/bin/sail php` for running PHP files
- Run `./vendor/bin/sail artisan fix` for permission issues
- Never use chmod on files to fix permissions - always use `./vendor/bin/sail artisan fix`
- Never use the rg command, use grep instead

**Why:** Sail manages Docker containers. Direct commands may run outside the container with wrong PHP version or missing extensions. Absolute paths break across different development environments.

---

## 🚨 CRITICAL: Database Operations (ABSOLUTE ZERO TOLERANCE)

### NEVER EVER DROP OR MODIFY DATABASES DIRECTLY

**FORBIDDEN COMMANDS:**
- ❌ `./vendor/bin/sail artisan db:wipe` - NEVER
- ❌ `./vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate:fresh` - NEVER
- ❌ `./vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate:reset` - NEVER
- ❌ Direct SQL operations (DROP, TRUNCATE, ALTER, etc.) - NEVER
- ❌ Any command that drops or modifies database structure - NEVER

**ALLOWED:**
- ✅ Laravel migrations ONLY for schema changes
- ✅ Reading database schema for verification

**Why:** Dropping databases destroys data and creates irreversible problems. Always use migrations for schema changes.

### Parallel Test Execution - Database Conflicts

**CRITICAL UNDERSTANDING:**
- Tests often run in parallel causing apparent database issues
- Database errors like "relation already exists" or "duplicate column" are USUALLY parallel test conflicts
- **FIRST RESPONSE**: Retry the test command - most "database issues" resolve on retry
- **SECOND RESPONSE**: Only if repeated failures occur, then investigate actual code issues
- **NEVER**: Drop or reset databases as a solution

**Response to database errors in tests:**
1. **Retry the test** - Run `./vendor/bin/sail test --filter=TestName` again
2. **Check for parallel conflicts** - If error mentions migrations/tables, likely parallel execution issue
3. **Wait and retry** - Give database a moment, then retry test
4. **Only if persistent** - Investigate actual test code or migration issues
5. ❌ **NEVER drop/reset database** - This is NEVER the solution

**Why:** Parallel tests create timing conflicts that look like database errors. Retrying almost always resolves these.

---

## Authentication & API Testing

Use the `auth:token` command to generate authentication tokens for testing endpoints via CLI:

```bash
# Generate token for a user (uses first team)
./vendor/bin/sail artisan auth:token user@example.com

# Generate token for specific team
./vendor/bin/sail artisan auth:token user@example.com --team=team-uuid-here

# Generate token with custom name
./vendor/bin/sail artisan auth:token user@example.com --name=testing-token
```

### Usage in CLI requests:

```bash
# Test API endpoints with generated token
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer your-token-here" \
     -H "Accept: application/json" \
     http://localhost/api/user

# Test with data
curl -X POST \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer your-token-here" \
     -H "Accept: application/json" \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"key":"value"}' \
     http://localhost/api/endpoint
```

### Authentication System Overview:
- Uses Laravel Sanctum for API authentication
- Multi-tenant with team-based access control
- Token names contain team UUID for context resolution
- Users must have roles assigned to generate tokens
- Supports team switching via token regeneration

---

## Code Quality Standards

### Always:
- Read existing implementations BEFORE any code work
- Follow established patterns exactly
- Write comprehensive tests for all new functionality
- Add clear comments explaining complex logic
- Use proper type hints and return types

### Never:
- Create custom patterns when established ones exist
- Copy-paste code without understanding it
- Skip tests for "simple" changes
- Leave TODO comments without implementing
- Add backwards compatibility layers
- Use deprecated features or syntax

**Why:** Code quality prevents bugs and makes maintenance easier. Every hour spent on quality saves days of debugging later.

---

## PHPUnit Testing Standards

**CRITICAL: Never use deprecated PHPUnit features**

- ❌ **FORBIDDEN**: `/** @test */` doc-comment annotations (deprecated in PHPUnit 12)
- ✅ **REQUIRED**: `#[Test]` PHP attributes for test methods
- ✅ **REQUIRED**: Add `use PHPUnit\Framework\Attributes\Test;` import

### Example test method:
```php
use PHPUnit\Framework\Attributes\Test;

#[Test]
public function user_can_create_team(): void
{
    // Test implementation
}
```

**Why:** PHPUnit 12 deprecated `/** @test */` doc-comment annotations.

---

## Tool Usage Guidelines

| Operation | Use This | Instead of |
|-----------|----------|------------|
| Read files | Read tool | cat/head/tail |
| Edit files | Edit tool | sed/awk |
| Write files | Write tool | echo >/cat <<EOF |
| Search files | Glob tool | find/ls |
| Search content | Grep tool | grep/rg |
| Run commands | Bash tool | - |
| Communicate | Output text | bash echo |

Always use Sail commands when working with Laravel.

**Why:** Specialized tools have better error handling, permissions, and formatting.

---

**These implementation standards apply to all code-writing agents. Follow them exactly.**

Commit message:

Clarifies build instructions for linked projects
Adds guidance on avoiding direct builds of quasar-ui-danx
to prevent local linking issues. Emphasizes running SPA
builds to automatically incorporate changes from the
quasar-ui-danx source. Updates relevant documentation
to ensure consistent build processes across the project.

docs/project/PROJECT_IMPLEMENTATION.md, after:

# GPT Manager - Implementation Standards

**This file contains technical implementation details for sub-agents.**

**⚠️ ORCHESTRATOR DOES NOT READ THIS FILE** - These are implementation-level details for code-writing agents only.

Read this file to understand specific commands, syntax requirements, and technical conventions.

---

## File Path Requirements

**🚨 ABSOLUTE REQUIREMENT: RELATIVE PATHS ONLY! 🚨**

- **NEVER EVER USE ABSOLUTE PATHS** - They will NEVER work in any command or tool
- **ALWAYS USE RELATIVE PATHS** - All file paths must be relative to current working directory

**Correct paths:**
- `spa/src/components/MyComponent.vue`
- `app/Services/MyService.php`
- `config/google-docs.php`
- `./vendor/bin/sail test`

**Why:** Absolute paths break across environments (local, CI/CD, Docker).

---

## Build Commands

**ONLY use these exact commands:**

### Vue Frontend
- **Build**: `yarn build` (from spa/ directory) - for production builds and validation

**🚨 CRITICAL: NEVER build quasar-ui-danx directly**
- ❌ **WRONG**: `cd /path/to/quasar-ui-danx/ui && yarn build`
- ✅ **CORRECT**: Just run `yarn build` in the spa/ directory

The projects are locally linked via yarn/npm symlinks. Building quasar-ui-danx directly causes issues with the local linking. The SPA build will automatically pick up changes from quasar-ui-danx source files.

### Laravel Backend
- **Testing**: `./vendor/bin/sail test`
  - Run all tests
  - Add `--filter=TestName` for specific tests

- **Code Formatting**: `./vendor/bin/sail pint <file>`
  - **ALWAYS run after modifying ANY PHP file**
  - Ensures consistent code style

- **Artisan Commands**: `./vendor/bin/sail artisan [command]`
  - All Laravel CLI commands go through Sail

- **PHP Execution**: `./vendor/bin/sail php [file]`
  - When running PHP scripts directly

**Follow these commands exactly - NO EXCEPTIONS**

**Why:** These commands ensure code runs in the correct Docker environment with proper dependencies and configurations.

---

## Docker/Sail Commands

### 🚨 CRITICAL: ALWAYS USE RELATIVE PATH `./vendor/bin/sail`

**NEVER use absolute paths with Sail commands!**

- ✅ **CORRECT**: `./vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate`
- ✅ **CORRECT**: `./vendor/bin/sail test --filter=MyTest`
- ✅ **CORRECT**: `./vendor/bin/sail pint app/Services/`
- ❌ **WRONG**: `/home/user/project/vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate`
- ❌ **WRONG**: `vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate` (missing `./`)

**The `./` prefix is REQUIRED** - it ensures the command runs from the correct directory context.

### Required Commands

- Use `./vendor/bin/sail artisan` for all artisan commands
- Use `./vendor/bin/sail test` for running tests
- Use `./vendor/bin/sail pint` for code formatting
- Use `./vendor/bin/sail php` for running PHP files
- Run `./vendor/bin/sail artisan fix` for permission issues
- Never use chmod on files to fix permissions - always use `./vendor/bin/sail artisan fix`
- Never use the rg command, use grep instead

**Why:** Sail manages Docker containers. Direct commands may run outside the container with wrong PHP version or missing extensions. Absolute paths break across different development environments.

---

## 🚨 CRITICAL: Database Operations (ABSOLUTE ZERO TOLERANCE)

### NEVER EVER DROP OR MODIFY DATABASES DIRECTLY

**FORBIDDEN COMMANDS:**
- ❌ `./vendor/bin/sail artisan db:wipe` - NEVER
- ❌ `./vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate:fresh` - NEVER
- ❌ `./vendor/bin/sail artisan migrate:reset` - NEVER
- ❌ Direct SQL operations (DROP, TRUNCATE, ALTER, etc.) - NEVER
- ❌ Any command that drops or modifies database structure - NEVER

**ALLOWED:**
- ✅ Laravel migrations ONLY for schema changes
- ✅ Reading database schema for verification

**Why:** Dropping databases destroys data and creates irreversible problems. Always use migrations for schema changes.

### Parallel Test Execution - Database Conflicts

**CRITICAL UNDERSTANDING:**
- Tests often run in parallel causing apparent database issues
- Database errors like "relation already exists" or "duplicate column" are USUALLY parallel test conflicts
- **FIRST RESPONSE**: Retry the test command - most "database issues" resolve on retry
- **SECOND RESPONSE**: Only if repeated failures occur, then investigate actual code issues
- **NEVER**: Drop or reset databases as a solution

**Response to database errors in tests:**
1. **Retry the test** - Run `./vendor/bin/sail test --filter=TestName` again
2. **Check for parallel conflicts** - If error mentions migrations/tables, likely parallel execution issue
3. **Wait and retry** - Give database a moment, then retry test
4. **Only if persistent** - Investigate actual test code or migration issues
5. ❌ **NEVER drop/reset database** - This is NEVER the solution

**Why:** Parallel tests create timing conflicts that look like database errors. Retrying almost always resolves these.

---

## Authentication & API Testing

Use the `auth:token` command to generate authentication tokens for testing endpoints via CLI:

```bash
# Generate token for a user (uses first team)
./vendor/bin/sail artisan auth:token user@example.com

# Generate token for specific team
./vendor/bin/sail artisan auth:token user@example.com --team=team-uuid-here

# Generate token with custom name
./vendor/bin/sail artisan auth:token user@example.com --name=testing-token
```

### Usage in CLI requests:

```bash
# Test API endpoints with generated token
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer your-token-here" \
     -H "Accept: application/json" \
     http://localhost/api/user

# Test with data
curl -X POST \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer your-token-here" \
     -H "Accept: application/json" \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"key":"value"}' \
     http://localhost/api/endpoint
```

### Authentication System Overview:
- Uses Laravel Sanctum for API authentication
- Multi-tenant with team-based access control
- Token names contain team UUID for context resolution
- Users must have roles assigned to generate tokens
- Supports team switching via token regeneration

---

## Code Quality Standards

### Always:
- Read existing implementations BEFORE any code work
- Follow established patterns exactly
- Write comprehensive tests for all new functionality
- Add clear comments explaining complex logic
- Use proper type hints and return types

### Never:
- Create custom patterns when established ones exist
- Copy-paste code without understanding it
- Skip tests for "simple" changes
- Leave TODO comments without implementing
- Add backwards compatibility layers
- Use deprecated features or syntax

**Why:** Code quality prevents bugs and makes maintenance easier. Every hour spent on quality saves days of debugging later.

---

## PHPUnit Testing Standards

**CRITICAL: Never use deprecated PHPUnit features**

- ❌ **FORBIDDEN**: `/** @test */` doc-comment annotations (deprecated in PHPUnit 12)
- ✅ **REQUIRED**: `#[Test]` PHP attributes for test methods
- ✅ **REQUIRED**: Add `use PHPUnit\Framework\Attributes\Test;` import

### Example test method:
```php
use PHPUnit\Framework\Attributes\Test;

#[Test]
public function user_can_create_team(): void
{
    // Test implementation
}
```

**Why:** PHPUnit 12 deprecated `/** @test */` doc-comment annotations.

---

## Tool Usage Guidelines

| Operation | Use This | Instead of |
|-----------|----------|------------|
| Read files | Read tool | cat/head/tail |
| Edit files | Edit tool | sed/awk |
| Write files | Write tool | echo >/cat <<EOF |
| Search files | Glob tool | find/ls |
| Search content | Grep tool | grep/rg |
| Run commands | Bash tool | - |
| Communicate | Output text | bash echo |

Always use Sail commands when working with Laravel.

**Why:** Specialized tools have better error handling, permissions, and formatting.

---

**These implementation standards apply to all code-writing agents. Follow them exactly.**
